The first one we are gonna review is the M134 also known as the minigun. The M134 Tiger is a powerful weapon for almost
all game modes, especially zombie mode and
Battlegroup.
In battle group it’s really easy to destroy
vehicles like the Humvee and the truck.
and if you get spawn killed in for example Pargona
dogfight, the minigun is the perfect weapon
to change the game since you can destroy MD helicopters in a matter of seconds.
In zombie mode you can easily kill heavy's,
chariots, bombers and crushers. The minigun
is a must have in zombie mode next to the
m249 nickel on your 8th slot.
The m134 is just a beast when you wanna camp in CQC. This maybe sounds weird but I have
made severals multikills with it by just walking around in an explosive match. The minigun
has only one problem and that’s that the
gun is to heavy to carry around. The next one
is the k1 tiger.  As you may know the K1 is one of the favorite
weapons for the medic and engineer class in
WarRock.
The k1 tiger shoots fast, does a lot of damage
and the tiger has a nice scope which
is really useful on a far distance.
Since it’s a light weapon you can move really
fast from one place to another, the only disadvantage is is that this weapon does not contain a lot
of ammo for killing several people with one
ammo clip. This weapon is a must for every
cqc player.
and now one of the most feared weapon on WarRock and that's the AW50F Tiger. I am not really good in sniping with any sniper
rifle so trying out this weapon took a little
more time then expected. The aw50f is a beloved weapon because
of its power and accuracy.
It’s good for maps where you got an open
view (like for example odyssey, nerbil or
emblem) and maps where you can hide behind
hills and objects ofcourse. This aw50f can shoot through windows from vehicles.
that's also the main reason, why you, as a battle group player should get it.
The only disadvantage of this weapon is that
it shoots a bit slow compared to the dsr1tc
hex.
It’s just a perfect sniper rifle for long
distance.
and the next one is the M4A1 Tiger
I heard a lot of bad things about this weapon so I had to check it out myself. I don’t think
this weapon is that bad, the good points of
this weapon is that it’s having a good scope
that is similar to the scope of the G36GT.
It may look that this weapon is silenced but
it isn’t. The M4A1 tiger does the same damage
as the normal m4a1 and can also be compared
with the other m4a1 versions.
The problem of this weapon is that it’s
shooting slower than the other m4a1's. This
weapon is good for short and medium range.
It’s great weapon for close quarters combat
and some battlegroup maps. The speed of this
weapon makes it the weakest weapon among all
tiger weapons.
and last but not least the PP91KEDR Tiger
The PP91 is in my opinion the best weapon
from all the tiger weapons. The best thing
about this weapon is that it’s silenced.
The PP91 lets you run pretty fast and the
damage of the weapon is great for small maps
like Rusty Nails.
The downsides of this weapon that it doesn't
contain a lot of  ammo and it's not good
for far distance aiming.
If you are a person who likes to play 4vs4,
8v8 or 12v12 deatmatch it’s a great weapon
to have in your inventory. The PP is a perfect
weapon for rushing tactics and for killing
enemies on a short distance.